d100	Entry
1	They are horribly burnt all over their body and face, by fire or acid. It can be hard to look at them.
2	They have on their face and body the stigmata of terrible fights, broken features, scars from chin to brow, a missing nose or ear.
3	They are missing a limb, finger, arm, leg. And the cut is not pretty.
4	They lost one of their senses, blind, deaf or mute.
5	They have the mark of a terrible disease on their body, maybe it is still affecting them, or it is over. But in any case, it left marks on them.
6	They have shoulders as wide as they are tall and arms as big as a tree trunk. Even their neck is oversized. It's a miracle their outfit is not breaking under the pressure.
7	They have exceptionally long and narrow limbs, reminiscent of a huge spider.
8	They are horribly overweight, barely able to walk on their own.
9	They have barely any skin over their bones, they could be taken away by the wind
10	They are somehow sinister, maybe it's their complexion, or the shape of their face or body, but they feel creepy.
11	They are broken. An old wound that healed improperly, or something they were born with. They have a limp, or have a hunched back.
12	They are incredibly boring in their looks, they look like any other person in the area.
13	They are old, but look like they barely get out of their teens. Be it artificial or natural, they don't have any of the signs of age that they should have. Be it their body or their visage, none has the mark of the passage of time.
14	They are young, but look like they already saw all there was to see. Maybe it was something horrible that aged them early, or just the way they are. They are way taller than their age and already bear marks of old age.
15	They have an exceptionally athletic body, not an ounce of fat is visible and they seem ready to jump into action at any time.
16	They have an unusually androgynous look, making it hard to know what gender they identify as.
17	They have something eerie, out of this world with their appearance, not quite beautiful, not ugly, just striking.
18	They have noble blood in their veins, and they know it. Their face is the shape of a statue of old, and their whole body exudes this holier than thou (or at least better!).
19	They have a body marked by hard work, strong arm and back, little scars and calluses proves they worked all their life.
20	They are delicate. Their skin is not used to see any sun, they probably spent most of their time indoor protected for the outside
21	They are the picture perfect of the standard of beauty of the area. They are the first thing that comes to mind when people think of "beautiful people".
22	They don't belong here. There is something in the way they are that is strikingly at odds with the area. Maybe they are from somewhere else, or their style is of their own creation.
23	They have impressive hair (or facial hair) be it their length or their presentation. They can have very elaborate hairdressing or simply ostensious color.
24	They don't have any shred of hair on their body, nor facial, not on the head and even their brow is shaved.
25	They have impressive markings, tattoos or scarification all over their body. Be it the result of a drunken night, or of a highly ritualized ceremony, or even the shame of a mistake or an injustice.
26	Everything in their appearance makes them look harmless and innocent. Their clothes are pure and without any stain, and they don't wear any sign of hostility ever.
27	They are scary.Their face is that of a shark, and all in their being smells like trouble.
28	They have way too much clothing on them, scarf, ribbon, vest. Regardless of the temperature and situation.
29	They are over-accessorised. Every part of their body is covered in jewelry, pearls and any other kind of accessory. Whenever they move, it makes a cascade of sound.
30	They have only the bare minimum of clothing on them, irregardless of the temperature, or the situation. If possible they won't even wear clothing at all.
31	They have extremely colored clothing that stand out in the crowd. Bright colors or flashy patterns, it's impossible to not notice them.
32	They have drab-colored clothing, very sad looking clothing bland even in their design.
33	They are stuck in the past, or what they call the good old days. They dress and act like they were at this time, and constantly complain about now.
34	They wear clothing that no-one is wearing, yet. Their design is avant-garde, strikingly different and looks certainly weird.
35	They wear immaculate and distinguished clothing. They are so elegant that they could enter any high places at any time.
36	They are wearing protective clothing on top of their clothing, regardless of the situation.
37	They wear pretentious clothing, full of unnecessary and not well coordinated accessories, they are trying too much.
38	They wear way too much makeup, so much that their face is barely visible underneath.
39	They look horribly sick, pale complexion, huge bags under the eye, and ready to drop at any time.
40	They have a strange speech pattern, stopping at the wrong place and putting the accent on the wrong syllable.
41	They have a coarse and broken voice, like they were never used to using it.
42	They have an enchanting voice, so much that it seems out of this world, every word is beautifully said and the sentence seems to sing as they speak.
43	They have a manner of speech which would be more at its place in a high-society, the elocution is perfect, only years of training could have led to this expertise.
44	They talk very rudely, using a lot of curse words and their speech is littered with local dialect words that make it hard to understand.
45	They are dressed and act in a military fashion. Standard haircut, clothing identical to the standard issue uniform of the military of the area, they stand at attention without realizing it, and they have a military strictness about them.
46	They are overly clean, not a speck of dust on their clothing, not a stain. It seems like their clothing is brand new.
47	They are followed by a very strong smell they can never get rid of. Be it from their work, or their environment, whatever it is, it is bad.
48	They are followed by a sweet aroma of some sort, whatever the source, it soothes the spirit and smells delicious.
49	They are on a mobile life support or any kind of apparatus that keeps them alive. It can be a whole servitor following them closely, or a breathing machine on their back. In any case, it is visible.
50	They wear clothing that covers their whole body, completely masking their identities.
51	They are on drugs and it is visible. Eye twitching, involuntary movement, bloodshot eyes. But they are functional.
52	They have an extremely strong belief and it shows, they wear a number of emblems of their belief, either in form of accessories, clothing or even tattoos. And they can never stop talking about it.
53	They are not used to wearing their clothes, they are too big (metaphorically or not), and they keep adjusting their clothes even though they try to make it discreet.
54	They wear clothing that leaves very little to the imagination or dress in a way that is openly sexually charged, and they have the body to wear those.
55	They don't play around and certainly never joke. They are as cold as a blizzard.
56	They exude warmth and kindness. Be it the smile nearly always plastered on their face, or their inviting gesture. It's hard to not feel comfortable around them.
57	They have a feline attitude. Sure as a predator on the prowl, they always seem ready to pounce.
58	They have sharp and precise movements, they don't have any useless gestures. But it can look uncanny.
59	They always look frightened or on guard, ready to bounce at any time. They are always surveying their surroundings
60	They look not all there, like their attention is focused on the immaterial. But sometimes they seem to know things that others don't.
61	They not only eat their nails, but they do it to the blood, and have a habit of self harming themselves.
62	They are dirty, covered in filth from work or the outdoors. There is so much, and so often that they don't bother to clean anymore.
63	They are against the system and they are showing it. Be it by wearing clothing, ostentatiously or subtly, against the system in place. They are the punk, or the silent objector.
64	They are followed by a strong smell that is giving away their work, maybe it's oil from a workshop, smell of a meal for a cook, etc...
65	They are overly familiar with everyone, even with strangers. They don't have any clues about the idea of personal space.
66	They have a peculiar laugh, maybe they bark or snort, in any case they are instantly recognizable with it alone
67	They have a highly visible OCD, they are constantly doing a particular gesture over and over.
68	They have the habit of smoking a very strong cigar or lightning up a censer, the smell and fumes are extremely strong
69	They try to sound smart when talking, the key word is "try". They end up misusing words and using overly long words for no good reason.
70	They cannot shut up, they always have a good story or an anecdote to tell, and they make sure that everyone is able to hear it.
71	They wear an odd accessory that is strikingly different from the rest of the outfit. It is something that they value enormously.
72	They are in a perpetual state of drunkenness, with or without substance, they seem like they are living in a constant party.
73	They are unsure about themselves and their decisions, always looking for the council of others
74	They are fanatically sure about themselves, but in a way that is almost frightening, they have an unshakable faith on doing what they are doing.
75	They are always in control, with a cold and calculating gaze as heavy as iron, it seems that everything is part of the plan.
76	They are sadistic and vicious, they absolutely love seeing violent acts.
77	They are taking a lot of space, they talk too loud, move in your face too much and can't seem to realize it. Protest all you like, they will apologize and continue investing loudly in the space.
78	Walking in with bold confidence to dare against all odds, they live as they know that everything will go their way, because they know that they are that good.
79	They seem always in a hurry, scuffling nervously around, dropping things there and there, they don't seem able to stay still for more than a few seconds.
80	Calling them social would be a wide understatement. They can tell with a glance who would like to talk, what about, and exactly how long. Like a butterfly, they are flying from conversation to conversation without respite.
81	A constant rattle follows them. Belts, pouches, and bags at the ready. They are geared for any and all things reaching to a new place most moments. Knives, for all manner of things, journals for multiple subjects, pocket watches, pocket calendars, pocket compasses.
82	They are never alone, a pet of some sort is always there slithering or feathering about. Wherever their master goes, they follow, even when they should not.
83	It's subtle, but each step has extra bounce and pep. In their eyes there is always a little spark that is pulsating from joy, and they don't even realize it.
84	They are living in a fable, at least in their own mind, they rhyme and enunciate rather than they talk, and act like the world was the stage and the people their audience.
85	Everyone of their movement is the epitome of grace, they float above the ground rather than walking and each of their movements is a delight to see.
86	They are always humming, tapping or otherwise making some kind of music. Head waving under an inaudible music, they are constantly vibing to their own rhythm.
87	Unable to keep eye contact, their voices barely leave their mouths. Their body hunched so as to not stand out, they do their best to not be visible.
88	They can't leave without being the center of all attention, always looking for the spotlight, oftentime their attempt lacks subtlety.
89	They are in the macabre, too much, dark color, heavy somber make-up, accessories about death and they never blink. Never.
90	They are always munching on medication like they were candies.
91	They look through the invisible lens of an impressive mask covered in intricate design, but they don't seem bothered at all by it, like this mask was their own face.
92	They move slowly and carefully, like they are afraid of hurting or breaking anything they touch. Even if their words are smooth and cautious, they will avoid confrontation as much as they can.
93	They have a constant fire burning in their eyes, guided by their impulsivity, they are ready to fly off the handle at the moment notice and their body language is not shy of showing it.
94	They can be described as cheerfully sociopathic. In their opinion overkill and ultra-violence are perfectly justifiable tool, but apart from that, they are the sweetest person around
95	Even if they are dressed modestly, it is not really enough to hide their shapely silhouette, especially since they often end up flirting and charming without realizing it.
96	They look like they gave up on life, they are lifeless, not caring about anything and it shows in their tone, their clothing and their lifestyle. Be it drink or drunk, anything that can make them not care.
97	They have the air of a beast, either their facial structure is reminiscent of a rat, a horse, or other animal. Or some of their mannerism as something animal-like.
98	They are not born with their face, it was reconstructed or modified. Hard to say if it's an enhancement or a way to hide something.
99	They are repulsive, but it's hard to pinpoint why. They are not that ugly, and if their body smells is not that excessive, but for whatever reason, it’s hard to stand their presence.
100	They are emotionally stunted. They never express anything except a stoic facade that never fades, they are unable to express pain, and it makes them unwillingly cold and distant to others.